
# Agenda week 3.4

Date: 29.02.2022

Main focus: this week's tasks / HCI review

Chair: Vlad Nitu

Note taker: Joshua Gort



## Opening
- Check if everyone is present



## Points of action

- On Wednesday we'll have a Discord / on-campus meeting (still need to choose) to discuss what are we planning to do next regarding our code.
- Attend Q&A Session in order to hear the answers to our question (addressed for assignment 3B from previous week), and also listen to other teams' questions.
- We must use the feedback that will be provided by our TA on Thursday and change our **HCI draft** in order to improve the document by Friday night.
- **Assignment 4A(teamwork)** : have the agenda done (and the minutes appended to it) by Friday night. (then upload on Gitlab).
- **Assignment 4B(individual)**, also called **Buddycheck**: give and receive feedback to / from peers by Friday night
- Choose the next chairman and secretary.
- Complete Activity-bank activities



## Reflection on last week

- Everyone did the Information Literacy assignment
- We achieved the final version of our Code of Conduct (after reviewing it as a team and replacing it on GitLab)
- We evaluated group 64 prototype for their HCI report.
- We delivered a draft for the HCI report.
- We started working on the implementation part of our project (Set up the primary stage, 2 scenes, adding activities to our activity repository feature, provided some tests regarding what we've already implemented).
- We provided 20 activities in the given format and pushed them to the repository-bank.
- Each of us created at least one API endpoint and also reviewed some code from other members.



## Questions for the TA

- Is the Agenda properly done?
- Is the HCI document well-structured? What else do we need to improve / change regarding it?
- Are we still on-track? Do you have any piece of advice on what to do next regarding the code?


## Question round

- If anyone has any questions address them now



## Closing

- Good job for the previous week!

***  

# Minutes week 3.4
[//]: # (Secretary inserts minutes here)

[13:54] Meeting starts  
[13:54] TA: Everyone needs to speak  
[13:54 - 13:56] Deadlines:  
Friday:
- Teamwork (4A)
- HCI Assignment final document
- Activity-bank

Week 5:
- Buddy Check (4B)

Maybe we won't have a meeting next week due to midterms.

[13:56-14:05] Standup meeting
- Petra: CoC, API-endpoint(Quotes), Scenes, HCI assignment, activities, HCI Document
- Marcin: CoC, API-endpoint(Quotes), Scenes, HCI assignment, activities
- Vlad, CoC, API-endpoints(Quotes), Scenes, HCI assignment, activities, HCI Document, Tests
- Joshua:  CoC, API-endpoints(Activity), Scenes, HCI feedback, activities
- Rafael: CoC, Scenes, HCI feedback, activities
- Sophie: CoC, API-endpoint(Activity), Scenes, HCI feedback, activities   
  [14:05-14:08] Vlad takes over
- Wednesday: Meeting
    - Decision making on database design, task dividing
- Review HCI draft
- 4A, 4B deadlines
- Choose new chairman and secretary

Reflection:
- See above

[14:08-14:35]TA Questions and feedback:
- Agenda:
- - CoC: Now it is a pass, looks good.
- HCI Feedback:
    - Prototype lot of interaction
    - See us describing every screen with words, what actions and functions are there
    - Reformat report:
        - Every part is checked
        - We did it correctly but location of some stuff is wrong
        - Improvement moved from result to improvement
        - Specific numbers of what other group was expected to do
        - Describe how experts needed to use app
        - What results are reported by experts (link to heuristics!)
        - Results: Prioritize them in a way
        - Tools section: What use does it have? Or explain or remove (which heuristic are we trying to resolve)
        - Try to summarize what each problem is and the conclusions derived from it
        - Improvements: Move improvements from results (keep them in same order from results)
        - Solution part can be enlarged in some areas
- Feedback from git:
    - Comments are quite extensive (positive!)
    - Sophie, Rafael try to do more comments, rest keep it up!
    - No problems

- Feedback:
    - Everyone completed their tasks
    - Tests:
        - Don't need to do mocking (if we want 1 person can learn/use it and other people can continue from it) not graded!
    - Database planning? Done this week
    - Need to have talk regarding which issues can start getting done
    - Feedback Vlad (as chairman):
        - try to involve others during meeting
        - Try not to be stressed as much (?)
    - Tops:
        - Everyone: We followed TA's advice!
    - Tips:
        - Try to talk more during meeting  (!)
          Buddycheck assignment:
    - Be honest, it's anonymous, try to not hide problems within the group.
    - Discrimation is serious, everyone needs to feel free to be open to whoever to discuss and mention it.

[14:35] End of meeting
